Consolidate language tutorials (#5037)
slint-ui/slint: docs/reference/src/quickstart/from_one_to_multiple_tiles.md

the model changes. The loop instantiates all the <span class="hljs-title">MemoryTile</span> elements and places them on a grid based on their
index with spacing between the tiles.

::::{tab-set}
:::{tab-item} C++
:sync: cpp

First, add the tile data structure definition at the top of the `ui/appwindow.slint` file:

:::

:::{tab-item} NodeJS
:sync: nodejs

> First, add the tile data structure definition at the top of the `memory.slint` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, add the tile data structure definition at the top of the `ui/appwindow.slint` file:
```

:::

:::{tab-item} Rust
:sync: rust

First, add the tile data structure definition at the top of the `slint!` macro:

:::

::::

:::{literalinclude} main_multiple_tiles.rs

> :language: slint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:language: slint,no-preview
```

:lines: 11-15
:::

::::{tab-set}
:::{tab-item} C++
:sync: cpp

Next, replace the _export component <span class="hljs-title">MainWindow</span> inherits Window { ... }_ section at the bottom of the `ui/appwindow.slint` file with the following:

:::

:::{tab-item} NodeJS
:sync: nodejs

> Next, replace the _export component <span class="hljs-title">MainWindow</span> inherits Window { ... }_ section at the bottom of the `memory.slint` file with the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, replace the _export component <span class="hljs-title">MainWindow</span> inherits Window { ... }_ section at the bottom of the `ui/appwindow.slint` file with the following:
```

:::

:::{tab-item} Rust
:sync: rust

Next, replace the _export component <span class="hljs-title">MainWindow</span> inherits Window { ... }_ section at the bottom of the `slint!` macro with the following:

:::

::::

:::{literalinclude} main_multiple_tiles.rs

> :language: slint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:language: slint,no-preview
```
